docs: add documentation page for let declarations (#56886)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/templates/let-template-variables.md

template is executed.

```html
@let name = user.name;
@let greeting = 'Hello, ' + name;
@let data = data$ | async;
@let pi = 3.1459;
@let coordinates = {x: 50, y: 100};
@let longExpression = 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit ' +
                      'sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna ' +
                      'Ut enim ad minim veniam...';
```

### Referencing the value of `@let`

Once you've declared the `@let`, you can reuse it anywhere in the template:

```html
@let user = user$ | async;

@if (user) {
  <h1>Hello, {{user.name}}</h1>
  <user-avatar [photo]="user.photo"/>

  <ul>
    @for (snack of user.favoriteSnacks; track snack.id) {
      <li>{{snack.name}}</li>
    }
  </ul>

  <button (click)="update(user)">Update profile</button>
}
```

## Assignability

A key difference between `@let` and JavaScript's `let` is that `@let` cannot be re-assigned
within the template, however its value will be recomputed when Angular runs change detection.

```html
@let value = 1;

<!-- Invalid -->
<button (click)="value = value + 1">Increment the value</button>
```

## Scope

> `@let` declarations are scoped to the current view and its descendants, but they **cannot** be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@let` declarations are scoped to the current view and its descendants. `@let` declarations are not hoisted so they **cannot** be
```

What do you think about calling out the lack of hoisting directly?

Author: Good callout, I've updated it.
